shares jump on boost in vehicle sales in third quarter via
2/ s valuation is largely driven by more than its innovative  disruptive electric vehicle technology on direct sales model
active  relative volume 4.87  1H  1000 AM
s Andreessen sells over 309 000 shares ahead of results Full Story
Intersting article about a new stock pick site. Related
Trade alert ahead of earnings in stock this morning
If your in the Fixing and repairing Car business  then you would know how bad of a business it is to be in if your a car manufacturer
I still think there is more room for later this week like I had in my Trade Plan this morning. Might depend on Macro events however
rather than just copy  why not also improve? Keep star  add heart some kind of dislike. Couldnt be that hard to engineer!
Trade --  Enter Long at 228.94  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 936190
one more push  then buy the pull back
Via PortfolioBuzz These assets are seeing a jump in tweets
best looking chart I ve ever seen setting up extremely nicely for a major post earnings run Love it!!!
The initial euphoric move after ER  then the profit taking from those early birds and day traders. next testing support.
Long or short earnings today? Vote and I ll make a trade in that direction.
said many large telcos talking to them recent mos as looking to verticalize their offering globally- natural partner...
Will Please Investors With Its Quarterly Report?
in USD target of 230 reached. trading sell - take profit!
knocking on the 50EMA resistance after this rebound.
is the most widely held equity for our Millennial investors. Second only to
 All cars to be self-driving in 20 years
- BOURSE l administrateur Marc Andreessen vend 15% de ses parts
US Top 5 Most Active 91.50M 44.90M 35.63M 29.87M 20.97M
mkt pricing in +/-6.44 or +/-6.2% move on ER today AMC
Platinum Members Saw Our Picks Gain Over 3 700% In 3 Months! Subscribe Today
cmon sweetie hit my strike 225
Raised more cash in LT Port to 65%. Energy and have helped ROR get back to +4%. 2100
No fucks given by the tech trumps cards
Expect more downgrades for as they run out of cash. Not to mention competition coming from  BMW  etc...
World s Best Trader Live BitCoin Trade Alerts 2015
Morning Mkt Update
- UPDATE
 to Have Call of Duty Black Ops 3 Delivered for Midnight
Social media users moving away from ?
watching afternoon for lower high on 60min
Q3 expectations remain strong as stock hovers near high.
Benefits Of Enterprise Deals Flow One Way
Jonas fishing for some confirmation of his mobility thesis was pretty selfish... Seems like he s feeling heat from a premature PT hike
1.54122......1.54122.....that will be the value of the billion when is at 59 next summer  wink ..
News   Red Hat ink Azure/Linux cloud deal  Analyze
How is trying to reach the next 1 billion
Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank
Morning News Buzz Motors  Inc.  NASDAQTSLA
will offer Red Hat solutions available natively to Azure customers
at rid of rest of 230 calls.
who called it first?
report gives ammo to bulls and bears alike Full Story
 Inc   Are Changing the World
rolls back unlimited cloud storage
Actives on open
Sony content could devaste
 s  may be the fastest-growing enterprise tech company ever
 idea will transform labor markets CEO
sell em doc.. -Mo Greene
Vaio Has A Mobile Set For Launch In 2016
Seq rev q/q running almost 2% on the light side  y/y only up 10%  not what i d call  La Vida Loca  rev growth for a hot product...
You could be paying 5x higher spreads for US Tech Giants
Well  Consumer report shook the tree and there they go for another round. Target 1 to the upside 238  Target 2 250.
baby run!
made million from  Halo 5  in one week
Posted this chart weeks ago  this one is still paying......DONT PICK
..why offer a service no one uses
See why these assets are trending in 1 watchlist
The Morning Dump -
How You Could Have Predicted s Rally Even After Earnings
The promise of Surface Pro has always been  full Windows  with a tablet touch interface. Not about having pretentious design appeal.
Here s trading history on earnings day  right column . Options market currently pricing in +/- 5% move
3 hours of free video lessons from successful students!
think i timed those sales well last night .. into this a/m but will watch again for other swing opportunities
Clueless8_Trading = Precision_Game_Theory at its MOST EFFICIENT !
buying more if we close over 54
Motors Up 10% After Q3 Results After Doing Even Worse Than Expected
Here s How the 10 Biggest Stock  Darlings  Did in October via
1/ has rallied 22 points on sales earnings miss  with investors buying positive outlook
s  Halo 5 Guardians  smashes record with biggest Halo launch in history
CityFALCON score gives top rated news for
up nicely from 14th October as potential OVI earnings plays. Along with  another great OVI earnings season!
s Confident Call Lifts His Fortune Back Over Billion via
Do me a favor  sell the bottom in and buy the top in Ty
- and Red Hat to deliver new standard for enterprise cloud experiences
- Taking Steps To Speed Up Windows 10 Adoption
Earnings Are About Size and Scale  What Wall Streets Saying
may hit 230 today
We can break previous high OF  MSCI information tech .The sector is wild
Car Wars  Software Proliferates In The Car
News  The Art And Practice Of Portfolio Diversification   Analyze
In a few weekly 225 puts 1.95 avg
another try from a higher level. I came in long got flat. Covered my short. Will re-visit
Our Platinum Members Have Been Seeing MASSIVE Gains On Our Penny Stock Picks! Subscribe Today
In AirBnB vs. housing  AirBnB wins this round
**ANDREESSEN SOLD 309 464 SHRS 10/30-11/2 FILING  YDAY
Red Hat- partnership means a  co-location  of engineers
Bungies Destiny Introduces A Transgender Meta-Character For
 Web Services Best growth story of the decade?
Stock May Finally Be a  Speculative  Buy Following Earnings
Red Hat ink Azure/Linux cloud deal  updated
Corporation Halo 5 Makes History With Million In Sales Within A ... Corporati...
Trends matter not only in fashion but also in trading. Click to check
Trade --  Enter Long at 228.97  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 95900
T3 Live Daily Recap Price Action Is Truth
At Last! and Red Hat Sign Cloud Pact
bespokeinvest Here s a snapshot of past earnings reports for from our interactive earnings database that our
News  Looking For Signs Of Life   Analyze
looks like sold about 20% of his stake which he was up a quadrillion % on. uh oh! ;
Santander Plants Its Flag in the Hunt for Financial Technology
NEW POST Peer Around the Corner
Bulls counter you have to energy adjust and then FX adjust all earnings to understand why a buy  Buy  BUY!!!
These assets are seeing a jump in tweets
Biotech stocks insight analysis here
usually cant hold gains of 30 points  counting from pm lows  fades 15 points  wtf is different today  re we waiting for Christmas
hands free update gets rap on the knuckles from Hong Kong government as drivers warned not to use Autopilot
Big cap tech cont to be bought/winners. etc... Again not seeing much outside of a minor p/b consolidation.
scaled out most of from re-long 228 have one last 1/4
Notable ETF Inflow Detected -
Stock Rallies on 2016 Model 3 Unveil  Production
Now Lets Candidates Target Political Fanatics
is in a defined range between 280-180. I would want to be a buyer near 180  with stops just below  or above 280.
Stay ahead with Nasdaq 100 news  views analysis
ER is scheduled today 400 PM. has displayed significant technical strength on the way to ER  what can we expect from today?
announces that Halo 5 has topped mln in sales a week after launching  franchise now over
Pot. pullback in Downtrend LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart
= 20 billion = 300 billion
Out of this morning after earning announcement WIN!
Anatomy of a Trade  Electric Charge
Car Wars  Software Proliferates In The Car by Trefis Team
The Billion-Dollar Startup You Need This Mindset to Build One
is it going to be a funny.... that 225 call is the same price as yesterday before earning...... for
103.37  +0.77%    FireEye  28.70  -0.66%    Whole Foods  30.91  -1.15%
Some reading while we re waiting for earnings this afternoon
Our Stock Pick On Is Up 3 085.71% For Our Platinum Members! Subscribe Today
up 10% on earnings  26% of the float is short the stock...keep this one on your watch list.
Why trade the or stock market in general when has been moving 10-20% per day?
how are all of these cars  especially model 3  going to charge in public. largest public owner operating of charging stations
when up by ore than 10% in a day   up 9/11 times 20 days later
Production Promise Sparks 10% Stock Surge
StockTwits is up 10% today and testing its highs from last month. Here are the levels to watch
active  relative volume 4.11  1H  1100 AM
Final Target Coins Tilted for Equity Rally
StockTwits Here s who reports earnings at 4 PM ET TODAY      FireEye    Whole Foods
How Will Stock React to Reduced Cloud Storage Plans?
shareholders would benefit as the company would spend less money supporting legacy platforms.
A video cable fans should watch
Financial Markets Have Not Been Handing Out Participation Trophies Also
outta put me on their design team with a nice salary in the range.
Out - up side win 930
Motors Inc Names Former Exec Jason Wheeler As New -
Neutral on Day 3 of my trades  expires Friday  with a Profit o...
Motors Inc  NASDAQTSLA  Has Plan a To Speed Up Model X Production
will beat top and bottom line decelerating growth again and stock drifts lower over the next 2 weeks. Buy after this pb
Q3 Earnings Expectations Remain Strong via
Pot. cont. Uptrend INTRAWEEK 60m-15m-4m combo chart
every stawk haz its -25% post earningz eventually. it happined to etc. i just wanna b short when it duz happen...
Wow  hello
easy target for pullback  daily MA 200  resistance Puts looking great.
why is a good to own    messenger close to 44% share of all social users  that s
Corcelli s 30 Second Morning Mkt Update
Pre-Open Stock Movers 11/04 Higher; Lower  more...  ~ via
When mgt doesn t want to discuss margin product targets  fwd guidance  it s hiding something.. Musk says alot w/o saying much at all
Nice to see my halftime portfolio stocks  highlighted on your show
According to s  should fade down to area!
52-Week High Alert Trading todays movement in
shorted 231.90 covered 229.50. Thank you
thinking about going long and short - what do you think?
Will beat earnings estimates this quarter?
jamie_lissette  093251 AM  added ss 228
Rivals and Red Hat reach deal for OS to be available to users of Azure service
Has Increased Almost 20 TIMES In Value  For Our Subscribers! Huge News
Surface Phone Could Be Launched For Enterprise Market - -
- Class A Ord Shs 103.71 resistance .73 levelif it goes thru it goes to 104 Drayton Group Traders...
LEARN HOW TO Build  Grow Protect Your A Step-by-Step Guide by R. DeLegge
You have less than a year left to buy a new - -
Stock Jumps As Guidance Relieves After Light Q3 up double-digits despite a miss.
Makes History With Million In Sales Within A Week - -
its all about guidance and color on the successes of Instagram and whatsapp. With no scare in mau looks like it can have a rare pop
SOLD long position from 214$. Sell on good news! plus High prob. for bearish move on equity!
active  relative volume 4.19  1H  100 PM
StockTwits Trending Alert Trading recent interest in MOTORS INC.
running into resistance at said it s going to fade back to area!
And BIO-Key Launch Tour  Will Highlight Hello- New Biometric Windows 10 Login via
I m long small  I think over intraday highs it can go pre highs.
The cool video factor thinks will grab more MAU s. We ll show you LeBron in vision. Will it get YOU to log on? 3pET
Guys  be patient a little bit and very soon will make our day.
How long will the Family online Photo album get boring? just saying
What do you expect from earnings? Hopefully  something positive.
Musk said will be cash flow positive in Q4. Not sure under what accounting method Musk is using to arrive at that goal.. it s not GAAP
aims to curb autopilot abusers. thank goodness.
Receives Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank
Our Pick On Multiplied More Than 35 Times It s Value Since The Initial Alert! Big News
Trade --  Exit Long at 227.73  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 948560
BitBeat Bitcoin Surges Past on Back of the New Shining Star
The Real For-Profit Growth Plan
Why were skeptical of this social media giant earnings preview article via
love the company  but weekly chart needs more time. Still a messy range.  no pos
Downgrading OneDrive Storage Plans For All Users -
wild so far. 228 def the level to watch. been scalping around.
- Rivals and Red Hat Reach Linux Deal
My best trades this yr..paying a premium.
s Q3 Earnings Are Out On Wednesday Here Is What You Need To Know via
97.5p s .98 jic
The Art And Practice Of Portfolio Diversification
NEW updates by S&amp;P and to Build  Grow Protect Your
Premarket + +20% +18% +13% +11% +9% +7% +6% - -36% -30% -11% -8% -6%
motors manufactured in Taiwan by Fukuta - Kind regards
you you holding your calls thru earnings?
If you are planning to play  please ensure you have protection one way or the other.
Henry Schein   Beats Q3 Earnings  Revenue Estimates Headquartered in M...
out half since it para d real quick  but I Think this can just trend up today  may see some sideways for a bit tho.
Track trending assets in 1 watchlist
Why s Autopilot Is Both Awesome and Creepy
Scraps Unlimited OneDrive
Gain from movement in these buzzing assets
Earnings plays for this quarter  short
! BIG RESULTS IN  FYI SEE TWEETS ..
- Class A Ord Shs 103.71 resistance .73 level if it goes thru it goes to 104 Drayton Group Traders
Call ratio backspread on working so well.
StockTwits Before earnings  watch this video. Here s how a financial pro breaks down a balance sheet
reports today. Our best guess 1560 MAUs  1000 DAUs  revs  and non-GAAP EPS. Video and Insta could surprise on the upside.
Seaspan Remains Compelling After Strong Q3 2015 Results
People will clearly pay for the same anonymous user data under another umbrella.
You Know That  Free  Cloud Storage? POOF!
Temasek Seeks Cloud Startups in India as E-Commerce `Overheated
For Step 1
markets will mind when they do a secondary offering in the near future! SELL SELL SELL
Stocks Movement Analysis Inc    Visa Inc  V   Oracle
Motors Inc   Stock Jumps Despite What Were Clearly
A crazy day for online gaming stocks  loss gets bigger  profits lose their taste  more
Active Stocks Concerns Wondering in Street- Motors  Inc
400 mile  bites the dust -  There will be no upgrades related to aerodynamic  bearings or brakes
Director Andreessen Sells 15% of His Stake via
s are toys for the uberwealthy. Find the affluent side of town you ll see its popularity.
B-shifts TT in FEB Web Srvs taking no prisoners crushing Azure cutting price- in Feb. Whereve you been?
In the last quarter  reached 95% of the online population. What will today s earnings report reveal?
Analysts Weigh in on Tech Giants in Light of Earnings
Investors are still giving love  shares are up 10%+ today
And Red Hat On The Same Page  Finally - -
looking to the Mag Mile...
users log in more but post less. is prodding them to share w/ prompts  emojis.
WSJ saying Andreesen sold 15% of his stake
Weekly Nov 230 puts nice win  real time trade plan live guidance as lost some juice
I for one look forward to your follow up with Bearish Analysts. Such a perfect theory gone So Wrong.
Anatomy of a Trade - Electric Charge via
YahooFinance rolls back unlimited cloud storage
Wow wicked open with chaos and cable stocks and action. Stats so far this morn
Have   and Samsung all been winners in the smartphone wars
Is like Bill Belichick? thinks so.  The confidence level is so repugnant
How Will   Stock React to Reduced Cloud Storage
exit reversal - short side win 240
Trade non-event. lost another cylinder. Light This Candle Harami. energized
and - catching my eye at these levels as catch up long plays vs their peers - no position
Tech Today iPhone Rumors;HP Inc. Vs. HPE; Sinks; Cites Galaxy Flaws
are the new blessed bios
Among Best Companies Protecting Climate
Published estimate on Estimize ...
The earnings spread is +/- 6%. If you don t want to gamble  cash out put the money into which is on its way to  +11% + div .
Esri Integrate Location  Spatial Analytics Functions With
and looking good again
Guerra con Irn Ahora es Casi Inevitable
All eyes on as their earnings come out after hours. The Vetr Crowd Price Target for is -
partner on Azure/Linux across private and public clouds
Acquisitions Propel Diplomat Pharmacy  Inc. to Strong Q3 Image Source Wiki...
A collection of testimonials from satisfied super_trades subscribers!
Motors Buoyant Outlook Gains Investors Confidence - -
S&amp;P 500 Continues to Defy Shorts Bounce on 5 day Moving Average
is 15 times bigger than get the phack out of here
Why s Autopilot Is Both Awesome&amp;Creepy . Wait  are we talking about or  surgin  ahead!
Short Term It s presently near its upper Bollinger Band. This suggests that it is at a high level relative to recent action.
reports over sales to date for  Halo 5  games  hardware Full Story
chart via
Face it  is going to 110+ after earnings today. We have our Nov 100-110 call spreads ready   also sold 95P on dip last week
frankly the only question people should care about is if their next car will be a .
pulling bak as alerted our folks good level to lock profits at day top  dont add calls at ressitnace!
The promise I made to all the folks...were gonna be the best place to get your work to a billion people as fast as possible. CTO
Here s who reports earnings at 4 PM ET TODAY      FireEye    Whole Foods  More here
Andreesen said to have sold 15% of stake in
Wednesday Top Analyst Upgrades Downgrades PT.1
Guardians Beats Bond At The Box Office - -
 and IBM Fight For Total Cloud Supremacy
Close = ++ reaction expected. = concern. Levels - /
Virtual Reality Plays
Director Andreessen Sells 15% of His Stake - Wall Street Journal
M Personal Assistant Already Miles Ahead Of Siri And Cortana - -
2. Every quarter  when releases results  always losses  the stock rises the following day. Sometimes as high as 10%.
Director Andreessen Sells 15% of His Stake Director An...
Latest Update On Stocks Motors Inc  NASDAQTSLA Looking For Signs Of Life
lx21 made 976 on -Check it out! Learn
Via STERLINGMHOLMES Via PortfolioBuzz These assets are seeing a jump in tweets
[$$] Director Andreessen Sells 15% of His Stake [at The Wall Street Journal] - ...
Analyst9727 gave a MODERATE BUY rating
To Make Teleportation Possible By 2025 - -
scraps plans for Soho retail store
Marc Andreessen Doesnt Think Were in a Tech Bubble
Short-Term Price Target Updates Corporation  NASDAQ
strikes back. Nice.
Trade CALENDAR on +1 NOV115 107 / -1 NOV215 107 CALLS 0.46
Will beat earnings estimates today?
Do not miss out on a great investment opportunity! watch this video!
users log in more but post less. So is prodding them to share w/ prompts = HMMM something to keep eyeballs on?
TweakTown  .@DeusEx Mankind Divided limited to 30FPS on both the One  PS4
setting up support along 225  the 200 and 50-day SMA s are overhead res for now 232.5 and 236.25
QUAL Fundamental Weighting Produced A Surprisingly Reasonable Portfolio
wants 105 by eod but weird spread is only +/- 5.50
watching from stock twits I ve learned Wall Street is as big as ever on . Sentiment from investors has been optimistic too
Stocks Offering High Profits And With Solid Growth Inc
NRG Energy  NRG  Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call Webcast
.@FindBiometrics BIO-key to Help Promote Windows Hello in 12-City Event Series
ER is this afternoon. Lots to look forward to!     ignore the noise. Renewable/responsible energy tech = future!
- Why Motors  Inc. Stock Jumped 10%
Just finished my weekly live trading webinar  Challenge students get 2-4 of these every week  enjoy
Poaches s Finance VP To Replace Ahuja As
Will Incs Latest Idea Crush Zynga Inc?
looks like earnings leak on
Top Analysts Weigh in on Tech Giants in Light of Earnings and
- Director Andreessen Sells 15% of His Stake
ArQule   Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call Webcast
haters are more passionate. It seems they have a poster of  and throw darts at it all day.
Why Motors  Inc. Jumped 10% - -https//t.co/oo690CraUQ
Red Hat to Team Up in Cloud
BIO-Key To Present the Exclusive Biometric Solution at Launch Events
Morning Beat Verizon Communications Inc.  VZ   GoPro Inc    and
Marc Andreessen sold his entire stake in ahead of the earnings tonight?
serge_poznanski YahooFinance rolls back unlimited cloud storage
One week after launching..Halo 5..the biggest Halo launch..with more than million in global sales
adding ss Press 226.5
Among Best Companies Protecting Climate -
nice consolidation going on here.
now +1.2% a big out-performer vs. with key earnings results out after the close today Cc
Trade --  Exit Long at 227.61  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 944510
earnings spread is +/- 6%. If you don t want to gamble  cash out and buy on its way to for a gain of 11% + dividends
Why This Analyst Remains Cautious On Despite Model 3
Nice tax loophole is federal tax credit California rebate
Earnings of Expected for  Inc.  NASDAQFB
Josh Brown owns in his How will tonight s earnings impact his battle for top trader?
Beautiful 9% gap up on It s a great morning!
Corporation  NASDAQMSFT  Getting Stingy With Online
followers
IMO  keep buying the whole way up! key partners and Service providers will be knocking 16
Stocks Movement Analysis Inc    Visa Inc  V   Oracle Corporation  ORCL
Motors Inc   One Of The Best Investments On The Market
Top news - Nov 4th  2015
partnership means a co-location of engineers
Morning Buzzers Corporation  NASDAQMSFT   United
Looking later on to short strangles on - earnings plays
7 Dividend Growth Stocks To Pay Your Investment In 9 To 13 Years Back - -
Who are these dopes buying before eps after its already run up 20 percent
Why Isnt Loving Autopilot
 To Offer 4 With One For Only
Don t forget car could add to share price. Look what stock is doing.
Monitor your watchlist of assets for tweets - US Tech Giants
Want to try s Cortana on iPhone? Fill out this questionnaire -
and overall market near the LODs. Just waiting on to crack  then watch out below!
shares climb despite Q3 loss
- Will Inc s Latest Idea Crush Zynga Inc?
Tracker - Winners/Losers +19% +19% 1/2 +2.3% 1/2 DIS +10% / -3.5% -active
s stock spiked this morning  after beating its own 3Q expectations
News   Web Services Best growth story of the decade?  Analyze
puts opening trade banger for the team Crooked market we have. Party party
Jon  I like your moves buying on pb and I agree with Pete on their iPhone lease progrm
Stop active trend on +7.25%
News   Web Services Best growth story of the decade?   Analyze
There is one law and one law only when it comes to You NEVER cover. Never!!
and  to deliver new standard for
ER LEAK - that LOT of Volume in last 10 mins..
Whats in store for s Q3 earnings later today? Get the scoop on recent trends right now
Has Great Exclusives But 2015 Is Sony PS4 Year - -
Word on Wall Street What Investors are Focused on Ahead of s 3Q Results
Day 3 of my trades  expires Friday  with a Profit of expires Next week.
Morning Beat Verizon Communications  GoPro  and
Say HELLO to Guardians | hosts massive global launch for newest series to
How Can Beat With Businesses
Why International Business Machines Corp.  IBM  Is Not A Value
Why s Autopilot Is Both Awesome and Creepy
Q3 Earnings Expectations Remain Strong via IBDinvestors
16 years later  is within striking distance of it s all-time stock price.
Do you want trading success in 2015? Learn from this millionaire trader
Late Tuesday filing selling 15% of his shares for mil via
Top overbought on out RSI Heat Map
Everyone Loves
grab some jan 60 options for after last earnings report  new windows 10 growing  gaming growth going into holiday season
Exciting growth expectations for Motors - -
continue to defy gravity logic ... you buy  em
Hardware Winners And Losers From The Public Cloud Growth Boom
New Post -  Earnings Expectations High As Stock Pushes New Highs  by
Headwinds For The REIT Industry  Part II
Is it time for to cut ties with
Director Andreessen Sells 15% of His Stake
Is s Brick-And-Mortar Store A Facade For E-Commerce?
danlev gave another MODERATE BUY rating
~ via
228.27 Recommended in Mkt Ltr dated 10/28/15 212.96 Nr term obj 261 Stop loss 202 Volatile
Wonder if hed say the same thing about like what he said about
Morning Watch List    Banco Bradesco  BBD
watching One Good Trade!
HSN   Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call Webcast
Fast picks for today  November 4  pending earnings results - one to watch
Is Candy Crush worth more than Star Wars?
Best Buy Continues To Execute Effectively vs. A Tale of Two Social Media Giants | Navellier Growth
coming in -- lets see some sub can we? Tired of looking at you
sold 1/2 230 calls thx
Access curated tweets- high relevancy  less spam - US Tech Giants
Earnings Preview Strong Trucks  Acura Performance Should Boost Honda s Profits by Trefis Team
model X has a bioweapon air filtration positive pressure mode. Oh my.
What s your trade on ahead of earnings?
Narrows Vehicle-Delivery Forecast for 2015
Director Marc L. Andreessen Sells 309464 Shares
Trade --  Enter Long at 227  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 931220
is so dumb when they keep selling legacy products. They should have stopped Windows 7 / 8.1 sales the day 10 released.
Is ElonMusk like Bill Belichick? jimcramer thinks so.  The confidence level is so repugnant
Trading Near Support Level
why not naked call sir? Thanks
Stocks Offering High Profits And With Solid Growth Inc  NASDAQFB   Expedia
one of the situations I prefer to pay up. I trade public equities off momentum. I want to see it above 280 to get involved.
posted a loss of a share  that s 8 cents wider than expected and its biggest loss in 10 quarters.  YAY!! STOCK UP BIG!
Q3 Earnings Expectations Remain Strong
top upcoming
has to be one of the most maddening stocks to give an outlook on for analyst. The way moves makes virtually no sense.
News  Looking For Signs Of Life  Analyze
Trade --  Exit Long at 229.01  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 1041100
steadily gains an altitude. Clearly it pleases.
Earnings Watch Analysts see Instagram  ads helping beat expectations Full Story
Pictures taken undercover in s Chinese iPhone factories show filth and overcrowding via
Started w/ 1230pmEST Cover markets and chart requests
Morning Market Gainers
reports earnings today. What to watch - Instagram the family of apps - Spending outlook - Video ads
You no likey the  breakout  above
director sells 15% of his stake per a prearranged plan a couple days before posts earnings.https//t.co/zAdPChAC4C
Here s a snapshot of past earnings reports for from our interactive earnings database that our subscribers use
Compare brokers to find the right one for you- US Tech Giants
Fascinating. Most common jobs by state by year. Farming to shipping trends so visible. And in WA!
and  announce cloud partnership  show .NET some love
Adam Jonas Sees Unanswered Questions At  But Remains
earnings after close!
and - the Four Horsemen of Technology are up on average 48% year-to-date. Market of stocks.
yep  saw that on Reddit. iPhone users  who were happy with tools are switching now to iCloud. Weirdly  it s cheaper!
my spread on is winning to view the trade   visit my website  on my profile. Still holding the trades until it expires.
Interesting. I need to get this metric in my model -- it s tricky to derive because of the leasing numbers.
Red Hat ink Azure/Linux cloud deal  updated . continues to broaden and innovate with Azure
Commented on  You know  I definitely like your confidence in high performance. This is just the co...
beauty so far!
Rivals and Red Hat Reach Linux Deal
Hope we get some sort of real pullback...maybe will set it in motion..so many good names have rallied too much...need better px s to buy
your tweet abou was rated at 12% of CityFALCON score. www.cityfalcon/watchlists?assets=TSLA
users log in more but post less. So is prodding them to share w/ prompts = Warning?
in order 2 develop a THIRD line for the E  where is the going 2 come from? Debt or stock float? how much?
Movements of Tech Stocks Corporation  NASDAQMSFT   QUALCOMM  Inc.  NASDAQ
notyourcountry Vaio Has A Mobile Set For Launch In 2016 DougKass
Great News today from and joins Cloud Alliance!
Moving Today Ahead of Janet Speech ...
looking for the recross at 231 for trend to highs.
what s taking  the big boys  so long? is shaming them.
covers all your favorite stocks - join our email list today -
Trader s Notebook Targets New Swing Highs
Trade --  Enter Long at 230.04  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 1147490
the higher the better will wait for the reversal
eventually   give it a few days
Inc.  NASDAQFB  Expected to Report Per Share
s Is Profitable  But For How Long?
s head of security has a big concern Android
Looks like the beginning of the second leg of a big uptrend  Expecting a close at 213 today and 214 in play for the weekend.
Jon  great comment about that they have decelerating growth that causes investors to selloff after great earnings
interesting candle a few mins aog ;- . puts already up 9%
-  Moves Deeper Into Mobile Games With King Digital Deal
Halo 5 Guardians is HERE! launches AMAZING world event to welcome newest series to One
pair trade short long
True or False? is higher today because of profit taking ahead of an expected Q3 miss.
Andreessen Sells 15% Of His Stake
competing algo s are active be cautious
Sold calls for 700%  calls purchased before earnings .
Access curated tweets- high relevancy  less spam- US Tech Giants
.@ program lets you trade in your old Surface for Surface Pro 4
 Lead 5 Big Cap Tech Leaders
Congrats to on his big day today
in weekly 110 PUT and March 92.5 PUT. i m just followin thu insiderz lmfao
Hong Kong Transport Department Pulls The Plug On Version 7 With Autopilot Feature
I m liking what I see - sweet early movers. Chips are in  Good trading folks... to all!
Join and make money trading options -     -
valuations are high. market cap So much growth priced in. Markets gonna need a spectacular qrtr to move that pass 105.12
Why Earnings Can Bring Analysts and Investors Back to the
holding up very nicely so far...
The Wendy s   Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call Webcast
IF... gains about 2.5% today post earnings  it could join handful of stocks in US worth is all over the story!
Intel s Skylake Solution Overwhelms s Carrizo APUs
For the next 5 years which is the better investment or
hovering right at 200/50dma would be nice to see it rocket past the two ma s tomorrow/Friday
Mind the gap in stock   if and when. Trade idea
is up 10% today and testing its highs from last month. Here are the levels to watch
active  relative volume 2.54  1H  1200 PM
Why does  like  People  Platform  Profits
10 things in tech you need to know today
A Slack Acquisition Would Be A Huge Addition Stock buzz  1031 am
Monitor your watchlist of assets for tweets- US Tech Giants
All eyes on AMC. most popular stock among top hedgies  37% of hedgie holders holding it as Top 10 stock.
Xi Arrives to Woo Vietnam Comrades and Reverse Drift Toward U.S.
Red Hat ink Azure/Linux cloud deal
Lol this video is so true funny! do you have more reviews?
announces earnings today after market close. director just sold 15% of his stake in
users log in more but post less. So is prodding them to share w/ prompts - Eyeball?
earnings are a huge deal  bigger than s and other performance updates. Why? is now 5 times larger than General Motors.
You may be paying much higher spreads for US Tech Giants
At last! and team to put RHEL on Azure via
and PC makers are teaming up to take on and
faces declining revenue; rising costs.At 103 a 62 multiple...I ll write on my own walls for free.
grabbed more options and stock  moving to new highs next stop 55  windows 10 awesome
Some guy on just compared to as the auto equivalent - I m sorry sir  one prints and the other hemorrhages it.
Earnings Watch by  Who is Who  of billionaire investors George Soros  Paul Tudor Jones  Stanley Druckenmiller...
Todays biggest earnings from     via
out - short side win 940
users log in more but post less. So is prodding them to share w/ prompts  emojis nostalgia.
and Video - have ya ll been taking note of the number of views posted videos get?? expect video views to be up a TON
Trade --  Exit Long at 227.48  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 93510
watch this video! Do not miss out on a great investment opportunity!
.@ earnings What to watch
Option Millionaires nlightn ....  Red Hat ink Azure/Linux cloud deal
Day 3 of my trades  expires Friday  with a Profit of expires Next week. Still winning!!!
chart Back above LT TL.
Was discussing how didn t give a shit abt the w/ a few peeps but reminded me of this - never gets old lol
- Class A Ord Shs 103.1299 does beat ? if so what will be the outlook - Drayton Group Traders
Halo 5 Guardians  smashes record with biggest H
Capital Oversight | What s your trade on ahead of earnings?
adding ss even here as elevation guy pumps it up on cnbc
Corporation Xbox One Has Great Exclusives But 2015 Is
The video fans should
Inc  NASDAQFB s Stock Insider Selling  Marc Andreessen Sold 309 464 Shares
Notable ETF Inflow Detected - Symbols mentioned in this story FDN   ...
 Shares  Key Metrics To Watch  From s Report via
Before earnings  watch this video. Here s how a financial pro breaks down a balance sheet
It s miraculous what they ve done .. Getting to where they are NOW was the hard part.  -  on
they need to do like and sell a prime membership
Prods Users to Bit More
  Solution Overwhelms  Carrizo APUs
If  is Right About the Long-Term Future...
 Web Services Best Growth Story Of The Decade? .com/z/5957932 via
.@MindMakesMatter pretty
Pretty amazing list of names on the new highs list
entered long
Halo 5 Guardians is HERE! launches AMAZING global event welcoming newest series to
Back above LT TL
and Team Up to Offer  on  Cloud
Stock Market Overvalued - Proven Statistics
Corp. Reiterated Rating by Deutsche Bank  Ranked 20th  to Buy
UPDATE 3- s bullish production outlook drives stock higher
explosion! all over your
comes the lows with the downgrade and potential secondary coming in the near future...
Director Marc L. Andreessen Sells 309 464 Shares
Nov Puts doing great  should retrace to level in the coming days. Sell before it s too late  before secondary!
- the whole first mover concept is entirely bullshit. Only applicable in increasing return to scale
taking off  letsa do this  need freebies
is reporting today   and is a potential signal for today EPS est Rev est
Military Affairs expands on-base IT training program to new US locations
The automotive equivalent of  -  on s strength in a  gloomy  Volkswagen / GM / Takata world
Trade --  Enter Long at 228.07  Date = 11/4/2015  Time = 946520
short put strike Nov put 0.49 ; retirement cash account. so far trade isn t working
for a large cap to have 61% inst ownership is quite low  thus good stock for MMs to trap long retail flow ino pops  think today
Investors Are Ready for the Numbers
 earnings after the market closes today. A couple of Foolish faves!
BIO-key to partner w/ on Windows 10 events - News
Corporation Analysis - August 2015 Update
Motors   Executive To Replace 
boom baby and going higher.
Model S super hit. Model X will be next Stay tuned
The Big List of Winning ETFs with Exposure to
.@DeusEx Mankind Divided limited to 30FPS on both the One  PS4
will be big. Big momo names are exploding today so they can explode higher tomorrow on great earnings.
Positive trend detected by ... 23 days ago for at with an approximate gain of +10.17%
A Buy Or Sell? The New Confusion Among Investors - -
releasing 3Q results on Wednesday. Instagram has 400M users. WhatsApp has 900M. And has a bazillion. I d say outlook is good.
Will stock owners be like... via
Ahead of earnings today  take a look at why fewer people are sharing on the site via
Our Pick On More Than Tripled For Our Members  In 3 Weeks! Subscribe For Our New Picks
streaming subscribers worldwide 3Q 2011 to 3Q 2015  in millions
pretty stagnant since about noon after the big pop in after hours carrying into this morning s session
chart. Supply zones indicated here. via
Same story different day..market down but these select leaders are strong on deck tonight Focus on what works.
Save 75% by finding the cheapest broker to trade US Tech Giants
Here s a guess   posted strong numbers  so get ready for share price jump.
s market cap pushing closer to
Wall Street Expectations Running High For s Q3 Earnings
not surprised is rolling back Autopilot when you consider what s at stake
I m holding for a parital sell at 233.5 area and then looking for trend on rest.
Tony Fadell discussed what an car would look like with Steve Jobs back in 2008
How Will   Stock React to Reduced Cloud Storage Plans?
Sharply Higher Despite Q3 Miss