12 Companies Who Have Cut In 2015
Why Twitter Is Still My Biggest Position
If can t takeout/hold 200-day  may need to dip further into gap than 225. 221.22 was the backtest low AH and held+ premarket today.
Need these earnings to boom.
Bullish Ichimoku chart pattern.
Life Without Ex-Im Bank Has America Suffered? via
 Market Vectors Gold Miners Tick
Yeah  make 3 cars and lose a billion. BUY  BUY  BUY what a fukin game.
and 3 other rocket stocks ready for blastoff
Wtf unlimited means unlimited!
social outcast
any waiting for ER ... dont forget that
ummm not exactly bearish on the technology front. watching
assistant M has people partially power AI - retail and customer svc jobs of the future likely to shift here
On the heels of yesterday s earnings call and the market Facts  Myths ....
New Insider Transaction on  by Group President
EEM iShares MSCI Emerging Markets Message Board Posts
IWM Russell 2000 iShares 52Wk Low
is having its best day in over a year
The winning play stay winning into the report
Took   modifying back for an extra 2 weeks  for
Short
Intl Ltd. 52Wk Low
Still clinging to puts from the open. If support not broken here  I m out and on to greener pastures
 discloses North Carolina layoffs
jan33p cust bot 12500 up to 1.29
Help From Its Friends? Does Social Media Earnings Streak Bode Well For ?
I made 128  226%  trading  beating the stock! And beating the market! Play the Trading Game
rejecting ma s?
 head of security wants passwords to become a thing of the past
The SunTrust price target is  but the consensus target is The stock closed Friday at
earnings due. Will they continue to power ahead...?
Motors dream still intact
set up for a let down again. money flowing to
Stock Target in Focus Corporation  
 Day Low
I recently went to HQ and wrote on  The Wall . Go
Public markets don t understand investing for future massive opportunity. They want a profitable making 30-50k cars
Long some here looks like 55 plus is clean to come
over 231 can catch a trend up. I ve been patient so far. reality setting in.
weekly 104 straddle trading  projecting a move of up to 6% move through Friday
s Bill Gates Leads Week s Insider Trades via
kills storage  will downgrade and plans next year |
Motors downgraded by Zacks to sell.
Flight to safety in negative free cash flow
Are retail investors ready for what says could be +/- 5.5% move in stock on earnings?
U.S. Stocks Decline Ahead of Jobs Report
So pigs do fly... when  s at the helm. blesses s  in the Azure -O
nov 100 put into ER tonight
Premarket most declined stocks
 Stairsteps Ever Higher  STILL Avoids Overbought Status
HYG iShares iBoxx High Yield Corporate Bond Fund EOD Data
Tech Titans Score Abysmally On Data-Privacy Rights
Wow 8 Mio shares traded in 2 hours plus 4 mio yesterday  shortsqueeze + FOMO
short
angry looking
News  Dividend Income Update October 2015  Analyze
I think is going to become a story  but then  wtf do I know about all this stuff!
 Given A- Credit Rating by Morningstar
There is no Holy Grail in Stock Trading via
Sold at 6.20 from 3.30 huge position don t wanna risk with
End of Day Scan 52 Week High
Sell IT !
Holy crap s on fire.
up-to-date Technical Analysis on  See website
Right now is number 194 for the largest percentage gain out of 234 stocks. is up +6.47% in the
 Day Low
Company cash and investment   34
Fuking up 11%? Really?
How many times has  over promise under deliver yet Invest cont to believe auto sale had record yet only managed 11 603 cars
 Stick To The Sidelines On
 With this cash burn rate  I guess we re not too far from raising more cash through a secondary offering. Why not sell it now?
Closed Sell 0.2 Lots 0 for +2350.0 pips  total for today +4350.0 pips
Weekly  retrace/resistance at ~233 keeps in check Bears regain control 227.
looking for price to speed up into  area and fail
Bad decision
has JUST 61% inst ownership  to da moon right???
Switching to
October Was Scary Good
Now if only could drop... That'd make my day purrrfect.
2016 The Slowdown that No One Sees Coming
that was +60%
s results weren t stellar  but  letter/call has the stock surging
working its way up through the 9/17-9/18 gap of 73.50 to 73.91; steadily pushin  the dirt out of the way.
will decide its fate with earnings
fading
Nearly 270 amendments filed for House
In 20 years  a car will be like owning a horse. You will only be owning it for sentimental reasons.
For those keeping score are still killing it.
Normally I d call this healthy and wouldn t be concerned but then I see being one of the leaders. Uncomfortable  happens a lot.
after last nights earnings. Stock instead of extended warranty is working out ok
 could be on Broadway Cramer
million shows that Redmond is Dead-mond no more
Earnings run here
This Time Is The Same- And Worse!
If you re impressed with how much loses selling high-end cars wait until you see their low end car.
decoupling from because the two companies have NOTHING IN COMMON. One is run by  the other by 
received a new alert. Find out why at 415
Corporation Xbox One Has Great Exclusives But 2015 Is Sony PS4 Year Corporation Xb...
Manages To Lose 810 Per Car Sold
lol.... can t pass 230.... is it next week pump......
chart. mentioned got 102 s at 3.3 other day  now 4.20. plan on sell 3/4  freebies over ER
vs. Head to Head
 Would Gain From U.S. Highway Funding Amid Its Slump
Stock Why the Bears Keep Getting it Wrong on Stock
Sharply Higher Despite Q3 Miss
 is down 6.21%
and  which were devoured by Guess my point was publicly traded. good thing there are not more of them.
cash out
Evercore ISI rates  at Buy cuts target to 310.00 from 320.00
.... pump  em up keep that market bloated
Take a look at the performance since  took office
What s the probability that   is above in 44 days?
would love to see a bit of a dip to get back in to my calls I sold on Friday.
Any company running stock based compensation hotter than its revenues  is a co on a mission.. to fail.. Hades
 pulls a rabbit out of his hat.
has been allowing on their message board for too long. This is Unacceptable!
earnings tonight. Getting ready
Gaps to slope near the 200dma. See prior chart Bias now flat 1.008/1 Sellers
Some trades work.
 Yeah  especially Kind of tired of seeing the stock stagnating for the last couple...
 has been dumping stock
received a new alert. Find out why at 454
will it happen this time around? who knowz  it could still hit 107  but i d rather take a small loss than not b in it at all
stop plain mindtricks. If you re gonna go down girl... go down already.
IV seems quite low.
Unusual Put Buying
 cash burn during Q3 of million was double  estimate. has just billion in cash on its balance sheet
Short Term Traded above its 10 day simple moving average at 212.91 and is now at 229.00.
I think I d be afraid to be long with such high expectations-longs should by puts me thinks
Life Without  Bank Has America Suffered?
to me it seems this weeks option pricing is already inflated  so even with a pop up  won t everyone just sell it off?
looks like an proxy without the ER risk
A look back at trying to acquire for which ironically is the same as the  deal
wrong earnings is tomorrow after the close and yes is today after the close
 Opening gap up is too big and should fade during the day  in my opinion
beat earnings. and not so much
 Sells 15% of His Stake... earnings today at close
Corporation Here s Why It Broke Its Unlimited Storage Promise Corporation Here s...
report worse than expected performance on all metrics. Promise big things next year again . Stock up 10%. Reality distortion engaged
It s Quarterly Facebutt day. How many lives has impaired/ruined?
No one beats True deal-making skill.
Is Budget Deal A Boon/Bane? Look At These Sector ETFs
hititng ressitnace  dont add calls at resistnace!
 already being made at the
Earnings What to Watch
stock on a tear today as Wall Street reacts to earnings with relief
U.S. Stocks Waver Ahead of Jobs Report
+1% here in midday holding firm with all eyes on results due for release after today s close -9
U.S. Stocks Waver on  Testimony
 Stock Is It Time to Dump  Inc.?
Not trading earnings later. I got more impt things to do.
When the big boys get serious will be today s .
Would be very surprised to see hold above into today s close  but stranger things have happened
This is What CEOs Are Worrying About the Most
is losing 2% IV every 30 minutes and it s going to increase. Don t be greedy if your near the with long calls from EPS.
getting called out for bait-and-switch tactic with  unlimited  storage promise.
Cloud wars setback? caps storage while competitors expand
something i saw a week or so ago. maybe a reason im bullish on lt.. across assets thats 67%. monster.
Stocks that are extremely expensive Laredo Petroleum Inc  NYSE
They are announcing a special model. Will have hearts and other stupid things built in.
For those rebutting cash burn by citing s  cash burn   the max burn was 378m in  99.
Can t apologize for all the trades this morn. It is what it is. If you want to trade with the machines. It s a snake ridden sandbox.
Corporation   Book Cant be Fixed  Phone Incoming
being held up by fewer and fewer now. only and as and go red
so orderly since 1145
and getting cozy. Still time to get long.
Is really worth nearly 15 ?
I can t decide if will move in sympathy w earnings or move inversely....
didn t get to hear much of what was said on TV this morning but I think I heard  buy and ahead of earnings  - I ll make popcorn
lmfao bro u cuntinue 2 gettin fukin BURNEDDDDDDDDDDDD
 ID requirements are as bad as the DMV I would never give my *real* DOB to  they have no valid need.
think short-covering to 232-236 is possible..will dump the rest at 224
3 Stocks Earnings Fail to Meet Expectations Motors Inc
When I wrote option risk management specs I used strikes of for examples. That was 2004.
is near breaking out. shoot up after earning  will it have enough power to go through 50 and 200 day in the next week or two?
When it Comes to  Giveth and Taketh Away
Director Sells 15% of His Stake